[CLOUDCRAFT-457] Crafting Better Diagrams: Cloudcraft's Live Diagramming and Filtering (#22461)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloudcraft/getting-started/create-your-first-cloudcraft-diagram.md

Cloudcraft allows you to import your AWS cloud environment as *live diagrams*. By reverse-engineering the architecture in your AWS account, Cloudcraft can autogenerate new diagrams or enhance existing ones, saving you hours or even days of work.

> <div class="alert alert-info">If you are using Cloudcraft's new live experience, please read this article instead: <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/cloudcraft/getting-started/crafting-better-diagrams/" title="Crafting Better Diagrams: Cloudcraft's Live Diagramming and Filtering">Crafting Better Diagrams: Cloudcraft's Live Diagramming and Filtering</a>.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">If you are using Cloudcraft's New Live Experience, see this documentation: <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/cloudcraft/getting-started/crafting-better-diagrams/" title="Crafting Better Diagrams: Cloudcraft's Live Diagramming and Filtering">Crafting Better Diagrams: Cloudcraft's Live Diagramming and Filtering</a>.</div>
```
